docs(userguide): Reword some part of invitation for the user the check the link (#10677)
Scille/parsec-cloud: docs/userguide/join_organization.rst

You have been invited to join an organization on Parsec! Before you get started,
please make sure you have :ref:`installed the Parsec app <doc_userguide_install_parsec>`.

Start the invitation process
-------------------------------

> If you have received an **invitation link** either through an email sent by the server or by other means of communication,
> first verify that the link correspond to a Parsec server that you know of.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you received an **invitation link** either by email or by any other means,
please make sure that it corresponds to a known server. If in doubt, contact an administrator of the organization.
```

.. important::

   If you do not trust the link, do not proceed with the invitation.

> Once the verification done, you can click on the link.
> It will open the application and guide you through the invitation process.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After making sure that the link is safe, simply click on the link. 
Parsec will start and guide you through the invitation process.
```

> Or you can copy and paste it on the login screen of the application and click ``join``.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can also start Parsec manually and paste the **invitation link** on the login screen then click ``Join``.
```
